[OSDOCS-5529]: Updating links to RHACM docs (#60852)
openshift/openshift-docs: hosted_control_planes/index.adoc

[role="_additional-resources"]
.Additional resources

> * link:https://access.redhat.com/documentation/en-us/red_hat_advanced_cluster_management_for_kubernetes/2.8/html/clusters/install_upgrade/adv_config_install#hypershift-addon-intro[HyperShift add-on (Technology Preview)]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* link:https://access.redhat.com/documentation/en-us/red_hat_advanced_cluster_management_for_kubernetes/2.8/html/clusters/cluster_mce_overview#hypershift-addon-intro[HyperShift add-on (Technology Preview)]
```

> * link:https://access.redhat.com/documentation/en-us/red_hat_advanced_cluster_management_for_kubernetes/2.8/html/clusters/hosted_intro#hosted-control-planes-intro[Hosted control planes for Red Hat OpenShift Container Platform (Technology Preview)]

Reviewer: Similar comment from the control-plane.adoc file; I didnt see a section with the Red Hat OpenShift Container Platform title.

Author: Fixed!
